Docs: optimize init doc and make version 1.1 (#341)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/case-studies/initialize-env.md

> 4. Various management policies and processes. An environment may have different global policies. The policy can be initializing a database table, registering an automatic discovery configuration, and so on.

Reviewer: 这里跟中文也对齐一下哈

### Directly use Application for initialization

> > Make sure your KubeVela version is `>=v1.1.5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure your KubeVela version is `v1.1.6+` to enable `depends-on-app` feature.
```

中沛那个好像没合并进 v1.1

Reviewer 2: 要打那个标签合进去吗

Reviewer: OK
